I will be donating
$100,000 to streamers but they're going
to have to earn it I represent twitch
Chris represents mixer yay mixer cool we
will present a challenge whoever
completes the challenge first wins the
money and as the video progresses the
challenges will be for more money
towards the end they're literally
competing for
$20,000 Chris you have your person
correct I have my person first one to
kill a creeper wins $1,000 $100
please kill a creeper as a p you should
kill a creeper please oh my goodness
don't worry you know I'll get the job
done oh get he got a creeper he I'm
stuck in the boat one does that count
Did your guy kill it did yes wait did my
guy the creeper exploded does that count
no that doesn't count that's a Creeper
killing itself Jericho if you could have
known I'm going to let Jericho know he
lost sorry mate the creeper killed
itself no no see chat I knew it What
Hurts the Most is being so close they
were they were so so close GG you got
you our cre first yo Mr Beast dropping a
th000 what no way that's insane we got
to hit him with a good one how about
first one to say the word the starting
in three two one first one to say the
wins the horrible pun shall we go get
some splash potion of healing and then
we can move the ren dog we still have
another villager to move guys the rain
you donate $100 to your guy and let him
know he lost I'll donate to my guy there
comption between you
and first what was that hold up I know
my Bobs are
good but they ain't that good I'm
calling hacks he doesn't believe it's me
it's real I am Mr
Beast whoa what the heck is going on
there you said the first you did you
said it first that's absolutely nut
thanks man no problem first one to count
to 100 wins $2,000 you ready Chris
threey two one go okay mine just set oh
boy no don't wait just go count oh Mr
count to 100 please don't skip a number
well if that's what you want then I'm
sorry but that's not going to happen my
guy's not going he doesn't believe it's
real my girl doesn't want to
count 1 2 3 four five keep going I feel
defeated Chris it's not a
race Chris did you win yet 96 97 989 100
send this man money right now he won
$2,000 here it comes boys you counted to
100 first which was easy because my
person didn't even count so good job
winning even though it was handed to you
there was a lot of salt in there Jimmy
are you salty I'm just slightly oh he's
going he's going mental bro I think the
gameplay on this streamer is very
magnificent what do you think yes also
Maddie just skip a minute do you approve
of this a streamer stop going back to
mixer where it's safer I think our next
challenge should be a math problem first
one to answer it
wins jimm I need you to pull this up
right
now 10 pants and a very big what is dude
mixer is awesome what is 2 * 8 * 2 * 8
is 256 all right and now wait wait is
that the real mysty be it is answer the
question look at the donation man mine's
not showing up yeah my guy hasn't even
seen it yet
so oh Chris she
won GG Chris sucks how does that make
you feel Chris that makes me hurt all
right Chris do you have your next
contestant I do have my next contestant
I I have my next contestant and now they
will be competing for $4,000 first one
to Blink 20 times wins $4,000 let's
begin in three 2 one go know one two
what if three what if he blinks when I
blink whatever five anyway 1 2 3 4 6
blink you got
this my dude doesn't blink so my guy
just lost four ,000 cuz I feel bad for
him I'm going to donate $1,000 and say
sorry wait hold up he's freaking out
what did you just get donated
$50 1,000 she said did you get donated
$50 there's no way from Mr Beast I'm
actually scared this is not real it is
all right Chris we have your winner here
good job
blinking whoa what was that oh my
goodness dude he only has a heart and a
half he might die I thought I was going
to have to stop streaming and get a uh
um a a different job we were going to
talk about budget today I found out that
my dad has skin cancer oh wow someone
tell me that's real it is real dude Mr
Beast thank you so much man I knew you
were coming over to mixer but I didn't I
didn't think I was anybody important
you're very important you're very
important to all of us let's get some
hugs man hugs for for Mr Beast all right
everybody make sure we hear this very
important
thing oh God download raid Shadow
Legends using Mr BEAST's link Chris do
you have a streamer I have a streamer I
have four streamers whoever wins this
next challenge gets $8,000 what should
the challenge be I'll let you pick first
person touching their nose sure I have
four people so that'll be easy good oh
he's scratching his he scratched his
face this guy is touching his face no
nose scratches he's close he's touching
the stash touch your nose yes he did it
he did he did it yes let me let barol no
they lost you lost frowny face barol you
may have lost but I still give you
permission to react to any of my videos
he wins $8,000 for touching his nose
your nose must have been super itchy
what the heck was that oh my God I'm on
the verge of tears right now that'll
help me move pay off my car oh my God
thank you so much I just took my
sunglasses off it's about to get serious
we're entering the over $10,000 donation
range Chris do you have a stream
I do I have a streamer this is my editor
this time we're going to put him on that
Level Playing Field first to get a kill
in Apex Legends gets $10,000 give me a
countdown 3 2 1 go get a kill hurry wait
oh he's about to get a kill he's already
about to get a kill it just started oh
man oh
oh Ethan's going to be so sad you call
Ethan hello Ethan get a kill quick I'm
try just quit the game and start a new
one you're going against a mixer
streamer all right I I'm in a game I'm
in a game I don't know what I'm winning
but at least three sandwiches he's going
to be so angry dude I can already hear
Ethan if he doesn't win yeah it's going
to be bad Ethan's going to hate himself
my gu is playing very conservative right
now oh oh Ethan found someone oh oh oh
oh oh my God just spotted somebody and
he's going for the kill oh all right
Ethan did like 100 damage he's him oh
get him die I just got a Kill he got it
he killed him he got it yes Ethan I mean
oh darn darn Mak your streamers Ethan
got it I told him he was getting
sandwiches did you say 10,000 sandwiches
no I told him he was getting four bacon
and cheese sandwiches bacon and cheese
sandwiches for a year more like a decade
it's about to go through okay oh
boy here are your bacon and cheese
sandwich um for a year
um
what
Chris we might have killed him I feel
terrible for the other person now though
oh Chris give him the other person so he
can donate to the other person a Ethan's
being all heartfelt so this is the guy
tips are appreciated how about we donate
to this guy wa
[Laughter]
W I was like Wow $2,000 and then he
takes the zero off I was like okay
that's more expected Chris for this next
round we each need to pick a rage Shadow
Legend streamer okay okay I just found
mine grabb yours jimmmy yeah you're not
going to like this uh-huh there are zero
people currently streaming rid Shadow
Legends on mixer which means my guy
won what the
heck you're the best oh my
God thank you guys so much Jesus well
that's going to take care of some bills
how in the world did you guys find my
channel we just searched the best game
ever yeah I'm going to rate him as well
9,000 do it he currently has eight
viewers just wanted to point that out oh
he doesn't have mods rip rip you just
ended this man's streaming career look
at his chat look at it have you deleted
the Tweet you might need to if you
haven't already he has 2,000 viewers I'm
going to delete the Tweet that's the Mr
Beast
touch so Chris since $220,000 is on the
line I'm going to pick a really small
streamer let's see Mr Beast says can you
turn off the music uh that'll be a
negative sir hey can someone ban Mr
beast real quick I asked this guy to
turn off the music
he said Can somebody ban Mr Beast o so
my guy wins by default we're just going
to not give him $20,000 I've got a
perfect shmmer right here who's ready to
get $20,000 let me find someone else who
does not try to ban me all right we're
not having good luck Chris oh wait I
checked back out and on the guy and he
turned it off it would seem I've made a
mistake come back this is for
$20,000 the first one to drink water
because staying hydrated is important he
has a couple water beside him so I'm
actually okay with that drink some water
iro please notice my chat drink water
come on man I'll do what he
says he drank water he drank some water
no I quit I quit I'm done Chris come on
in here let's do it water contest for
20K is this too whoa it went through
instantly
no that's not no no I don't I'm going to
I'm going to disagree that's not real it
is real no yes that's not real it is
real that's not real it is real no how
do I know that let me follow him on
Twitter I bet he's happy he didn't
actually on TT you shut the oh my God oh
my God Mom I'm moving out it's done I'm
moving out Mom I'm moving moving out
let's ask him what he's going to buy
with the 20 grand he's going to join
spot what what am I going to buy with
the $220,000 buy Mr Beast apparel that
is what you do you go here and you get
everything on here that is what you do
thank you so much now that the
competition's over we still have $40,000
left so we're going to visit ninja and
some other mixure streamers Hey Dad I
see you found a new home oh my the what
and a 3,000 Ember that's 301 I sent him
a DM I said it's me dude okay so
apparently it is actually Mr Beast okay
I have I have undeleted the
ban what we got a $11,000 Dono for Mr be
you can use this in the video n you
didn't believe it was me that's I'm
sorry that I didn't believe it wasn't
you oh gosh you did a good job with that
Mr be thank you so you have no dude I
have I have only got like 30% of my
heart function left really really
tempting fate with me this is one of
Chandler's first times donating I'm very
new to this what do you feel th000 yeah
Chandler had your back
bro look at his face dude the be just
dropped soon as he like got the doo yeah
cuz it's his donation alert oh you're oh
my God God are you kidding no we're not
no way if he cries he gets another five
oh my God thank you so much man I was
talking about you the other day I was
saying that I really respect like
everything you do on your channel
because you do a lot of stuff for like
people a lot L fortunate than you so
thank you so much man that's crazy man
oh we got to give it to him he WIP it
money D he wiped it oh that's 6,000
bucks you can spend on debucks oh God
charge back charge back oh my
God
Mr bees thank you so much for the $5,000
Don I'm trying not to cry because oh
this just weird for everybody and then
everybody wait so he didn't cry he
teared up what's the specifications of
crying crying is sweating from the eyes
well then I guess he cried did he sweat
did he cry cuz crying is sweat oh gosh
Chris come back chanler doesn't know the
difference between crying and sweating
from the eyes you want just what's going
on okay well I'm going to go sweat in
the bathroom Okay by myself that's
called peeing oh my how much you gave
him to make him sweat uh Chandler went a
little crazy and gave him
$11,000 yeah why did my friends keep
leaving
me oh I remember you hi hi straight up I
actually remember you I remember you
were like in my stream a long time ago
and now you're back what do you want me
to do you want me to Blink my
eyes I got you I will bling my eyes for
you and I still have $115,000 left so I
decided to put a bounty on techno's head
he's one of the best best Minecraft
players in the world and he's currently
competing in Minecraft Monday with lots
of other YouTubers and the first one to
kill him got $115,000 trying to
heal we got go drone go don't let him
heal two three hearts no don't let him
heal we got him yes yes yes yes oh my
God seven and a half cheese so wait it
was you who got the kill right yeah I
finished the kill up thank you thank you
so much see you boys so yeah 100 Grand
gone download ra Shadow Legends
subscribe thank
[Music]
you
m
[Music]
be